 The Birthday Riddle
A woman says,
"I have three children."
"The sum of their ages is 18."
"The oldest child is 6 years older than the youngest."
"The second child is 3 years older than the youngest."
What are their ages?

 The Fruit Basket Riddle
A man has three types of fruit: apples, bananas, and oranges.
"The total number of fruits is 24."
"The number of apples is 4 more than the number of bananas."
"The number of oranges is twice the number of apples."
How many of each type of fruit does he have?

 The Book puzzle
A man has a collection of 120 books.
"The number of science books is three times the number of fiction books."
"The number of history books is 20 more than the number of fiction books."
What is the number of books of each genre?

 The Garden Riddle
A gardener says,
"I have three sections in my garden: tomatoes, cucumbers, and lettuce."
"The total area of the garden is 120 square feet."
"The tomatoes section is twice the area of the lettuce section."
"The cucumbers section is 30 square feet larger than the lettuce section."
What is the area of each section?

 The Stamps Riddle
A man has a collection of 50 stamps.
"The number of 10-cent stamps is twice the number of 5-cent stamps."
"The number of 25-cent stamps is 10 more than the number of 5-cent stamps."
What is the number of stamps of each denomination?

 The Library Riddle
"I have three bookshelves," says a librarian.
"The total number of books on the shelves is 90."
"The second shelf has 10 more books than the first shelf."
"The third shelf has twice as many books as the first shelf."
How many books are on each shelf?

 The Ice Cream Parlor Riddle
"I have three flavors of ice cream," says a shopkeeper.
"The total number of cones sold is 120."
"Vanilla cones are twice as many as chocolate cones."
"Strawberry cones are 10 more than vanilla cones."
How many cones of each flavor were sold?

 The Pile of Stones Riddle
A man has three piles of stones.
"The total number of stones is 45."
"The second pile has 5 more stones than the first pile."
"The third pile has twice as many stones as the first pile."
How many stones are in each pile?

 The Train Station Riddle
"A train conductor has three platforms," he says.
"The total number of passengers waiting is 240."
"The second platform has 50 more passengers than the first."
"The third platform has twice as many passengers as the first platform."
How many passengers are waiting on each platform?

 The Pool Riddle
A man says,
"I have three swimming pools."
"The first pool is 10 meters longer than the second pool."
"The second pool is 5 meters longer than the third pool."
"The total length of the pools is 60 meters."
What are the lengths of the pools?

 The Bottle Riddle
A man has three bottles of wine.
"The total volume of the wine is 75 liters."
"The first bottle holds 10 liters more than the second bottle."
"The second bottle holds 5 liters more than the third bottle."
How much wine is in each bottle?

 The Movie Theater Riddle
"A movie theater has three rows of seats," says the manager.
"The total number of seats is 150."
"The first row has 10 more seats than the second row."
"The second row has 5 more seats than the third row."
How many seats are in each row?

 The Building Riddle
A man owns three buildings.
"The total area of the buildings is 3000 square meters."
"The second building has 500 square meters more than the first building."
"The third building has 1000 square meters more than the first building."
What is the area of each building?

 The Share Riddle
"I have three children," says a father.
"The total amount of money is $100."
"The first child gets twice as much as the second."
"The third child gets $10 more than the second."
How much does each child get?

 The Apples in the Basket Riddle
A man has a basket of apples.
"The total number of apples is 60."
"The second basket has 10 more apples than the first."
"The third basket has 5 more apples than the second."
How many apples are in each basket?

 The Age Puzzle Riddle
"I have three daughters," says a father.
"The sum of their ages is 36."
"The oldest daughter is twice as old as the youngest."
"The middle daughter is 6 years older than the youngest."
What are their ages?

 The Chocolate Box Riddle
A man buys chocolates.
"The total number of chocolates is 45."
"The first box contains 5 more chocolates than the second box."
"The second box contains 3 more chocolates than the third box."
How many chocolates are in each box?

 The Penny Puzzle Riddle
"I have three jars," says a man.
"The total amount of money in the jars is $2.00."
"The first jar contains $0.10 more than the second."
"The second jar contains $0.20 more than the third."
How much money is in each jar?